Install (and uninstall) Neubot, below Linux (and other Unices)

This document provides a brief description of how to install and
uninstall Neubot in an Unix-like environment (e.g. Ubuntu Linux.)


0. Index

    1. Howto run in-place
    2. Howto install
    3. Howto uninstall


1. Howto run in-place

We suggest you to install Neubot, but sometimes that might not be
pratical, e.g. you are testing a development version.  In that case,
assuming that you are in the sources directory, you can run Neubot
in-place as follows:

  ./bin/unix/neubot -I. [options]

That works because the -I. command line options instructs Neubot
launcher (i.e. ./bin/unix/neubot) to search for Neubot sources in
the current working directory.


2. Howto install

First of all, you need to have python 2.6 installed -- which is
always the case with Ubuntu 9.10, 10.04.  However, you might want
to check invoking the following command:

  python -V

Now, assuming you have downloaded the latest Neubot archive, e.g.
neubot-0.0.3.tar.gz, you have to unpack it, with the following
command:

  tar -xzf neubot-0.0.3.tar.gz

The above command should create a directory named neubot-0.0.3.
Now enter such directory with:

  cd neubot-0.0.3

At this point, you need to become administrator, in order to
install neubot in your system.  Depending on the system you might
have to do one of the following two commands:

  su
  sudo -s

(The latter is the command you have to type with Ubuntu.)  After
that you will be prompted for the password (the administrator one
in the former case, your password in the latter.)  Be careful that
the password will not produce any echo.  If that has worked, your
prompt should now end with '#' rather than with '$', in order to
notice you that you have become admin.

We're ready.  At this point just type:

  make install

Now, if you're running Ubuntu you're (nearly) done.  You can
logout, with the `logout' command.  Before you stop reading
these notes be informed that you should keep neubot archive or
sources around if you want to be able to uninstall it later.
More on this in the relevant section.

Otherwise, if you are not running Ubuntu, you can launch Neubot
once with the following command

  /usr/bin/neubot -b

It will immediatly run in background, so you are not going to see
any output.  Note that, if you want to automatize such process,
you might add

  if [ -x /usr/bin/neubot ]; then
    /usr/bin/neubot -b
  fi

near the end of your /etc/rc.local.  After that you are (nearly)
done.  Before you stop reading these notes be informed that you
should keep neubot archive or sources around if you want to be
able to uninstall it later.  More on this in the relevant section.


3. Howto uninstall

To uninstall neubot, enter the neubot sources, become administrator,
and do:

  make uninstall

If you are running Ubuntu you are done at this point.  Otherwise,
if you have edited /etc/rc.local, you might also want to undo these
changes.
