
$Version: 1.0$

The purpose of Neubot is to measure the quality and neutrality of
your Internet connection and to share the results with the Internet
community, in order to rebalance the information asymmetry between
ordinary Internet users and Service Providers.

Neubot does not monitor or analyze your Internet traffic. It just
uses a tiny fraction of your connection capacity to perform background
transmission tests, sending and/or receiving random data.  The
result contains the measured performance metrics, such as the
download speed, or the latency, as well as your computer load, as
a percentage.  Also, the result contains your Internet address.
After the test, the result is uploaded to Neubot servers.

The Neubot project needs to collect your Internet address because
that allows to infer your Internet Service Provider and to have a
rough idea of your location.  This is paramount for Neubot's
goal of monitoring the quality and neutrality of the Internet, by
provider and geographical area.

However, in Europe Internet addresses are personal data. So, Neubot
cannot store, process, or share your Internet address without your
prior *informed consent*, under the provisions of the "Codice in
materia di protezione dei dati personali" `(Decree 196/03)
<http://www.garanteprivacy.it/garante/doc.jsp?ID=1311248>`_.  In
accordance with the law, data controller is the NEXA Center for
Internet & Society, represented by its co-director Juan Carlos
De Martin.

Neubot asks you to explicitly assert that you have read this privacy
policy and to give it the permission to collect and share your IP
address.  If you don't confirm that you have read the privacy policy,
Neubot collects your Internet address under a special provision,
that allows researchers to do that `for statistical purposes only
<http://www.garanteprivacy.it/garante/doc.jsp?ID=1556635>`_.  Internet
addresses collected under this regime will be flagged in a special
way, and will not be shared with anyone.  They will be treated by
the researchers authorized by the data controller only.  This data,
however, will not be of great value for the Internet community,
because they cannot be shared with and analyzed by other researchers.

The project needs at least the permission to collect your Internet
address, because otherwise it cannot process your results and publish
aggregate data.  If you don't give Neubot the permission to share,
of course your Internet address will not be shared with others, and
will be processed by the researchers authorized by the data controller
only.  Please note that there is a great benefit in sharing your
Internet address, because that allows other researchers to study
and criticize Neubot methodology and data set.  This will empower
the Internet community, eventually leading to a better understanding
of the Net.

The data controller guarantees you the rights as per Section 7 of
the above mentioned decree.  Basically, you have total control over
you personal data, and you can, for example, inquire Neubot to
remove your Internet address from its data sets.  To exercise your
rights, please write to Dipartimento di Automatica e Infomatica
(DAUIN) - Politecnico di Torino - Corso Duca degli Abruzzi, 24 -
10129 Torino, ITALY.

You can change the permissions you want to give Neubot anytime you
want, using the privacy dashboard: Open the web user interface and switch
to the 'Privacy' tab, or go straight to the `privacy page
<http://127.0.0.1:9774/privacy.html>`_ of the web user interface.

